README.md, before:

# Widgets for the TYPO3 Dashboard
This extension contains several widgets, which can be used on the Dashboard for TYPO3. To use
these widgets you need to install the TYPO3 core-extension called dashboard.

The extension only contains widgets showing data that is available in core extensions. So for
these widgets no 3rd party extensions are needed.

## Overview of widgets
This extension currently contains the following widgets:
* **Current online users**, Will show you which users are currently online;
* **Status Report**, Gives you an overview of errors and warnings in your installation;
* **Pages without Meta Description**, Returns a list of last edited pages without a Meta Description;

## I miss widgets!
Do you have an idea for a widget showing information that is available by core extensions, please
create a new widget request with your ideas.

[Request new widget](https://github.com/FriendsOfTYPO3/widgets/issues/new?labels=widget&template=widget-request.md)

```
Please know that we don't add features to this extension. We neither will create widgets showing data
from 3rd party extensions. In those cases, the widget should be in the 3rd party extension itself, or
you can create your own extension with a dependency on that specific extension.
```

Commit message:

[TASK] Align with new TYPO3 documentation standards
- align README.md, Settings.cfg, Index.rst, Includes.txt
- align .editorconfig, .gitignore, composer.json, ext_emconf.php
- add Sitemap.rst, genindex.rst

See https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/docs-how-to-document/main/en-us/GeneralConventions/FileStructure.html for further details.

README.md, after:

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/friendsoftypo3/widgets/v/stable.svg)](https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/widgets/)
[![TYPO3](https://img.shields.io/badge/TYPO3-10-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](https://get.typo3.org/version/10)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/friendsoftypo3/widgets/d/total.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/friendsoftypo3/widgets)
[![Monthly Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/friendsoftypo3/widgets/d/monthly)](https://packagist.org/packages/friendsoftypo3/widgets)

# TYPO3 extension `widgets`

This extension contains various widgets that can be used on the TYPO3 backend
[dashboard](https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-dashboard/main/en-us/).

It currently contains the following widgets:

*  **Current Online Users**: Shows which users are currently online.
*  **Status Report**: Gives you an overview of errors and warnings in your
   installation.
*  **Pages without meta description**: Provides a list of recently edited pages
   that lack a meta description.

|                  | URL                                                         |
|------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Repository:**  | https://github.com/FriendsOfTYPO3/widgets                   |
| **Read online:** | https://docs.typo3.org/p/friendsoftypo3/widgets/main/en-us/ |
| **TER:**         | https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/widgets              |
